Fix the grammar by using the verb "set up" instead of the noun "setup" (#35179)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/connect-applications-service.md

  serves HTTP traffic on port 80 and HTTPS traffic on 443, and nginx Service
  exposes both ports.
- Each container has access to the keys through a volume mounted at `/etc/nginx/ssl`.

>   This is set up *before* the nginx server is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is setup *before* the nginx server is started.
```

Author: This is using the verb form, so the correct sentence is:
"This is set up *before* the nginx server is started."

If this were being used as a noun, the sentence would be:
"This setup is *before* the nginx server is started."

Which form would you prefer?

Reviewer: If you are not sure, please keep unchanged when the original is fine.

Author: The original has incorrect grammar;
But I'm removing this fix from my PR because there is no agreement on how to correct it.
